NFC is another cool API that is
also compatible only with Chrome.
NFC is Near Field Communication.
It will let you access to Tap to Pay,
Tap to Share, or to whatever.
You can be here and we can have
an NFT tag near the wall, and you,
on a web app, you put your phone near
the wall, and you can get information.
Something that you can also get with a QR
code, or you can actually change data.
Because the API gateway you are
technically and you know more about this.
The web NFE API is just a subset of
everything that can be done with NFC.
You can only access tags
that are close to you.
There are many technologies when this
case tags are really less than 10
centimeters or 4 inches.
And is limited only to
an aspect known as NDEF,
that is NFC data exchange format.
That is like the simplest protocol
that we have on NFC that will
let you read data from a tag and
write data to add tag.
So we can read tags,
we can write tags on compatible browsers,
because some browser will tell you,
no, no, only read, only write,okay.
So and then you can if you want
to do low-level IO operations
like execute code that sometimes
is available on some tags,
that's not possible with the spec.
I know it sounds abstract,
so we can try this.
So I have some ways to try this.
I have here with me two NFC tags.
This one is an NFC tag, and this one you
may know, that's an air tile from Apple.
It has many things, and
one of the things, it's an NFC title.
Can we read that?
Yeah, we need Chrome on Androids.
So this doesn't work on iOS yet.
So if I open my code here,
my browser, we have here web NFC.
So you can see I can write
a read I want I'm going to scan.
So if you see the scan, you can see
a scan has started, scan started.
Do we see any massage any permission?
No, now this is my NFC tie.
I'm going to do this and
you can see it read a serial number.
Let's do it again.
Also the phone vibrates when that happens.
So I also have one record that
you can read if you want now with
the year tie,
I'm going to do this come on their time.
It was working before just
in case this can end.
Yeah, there we are,
it says cannot read data from the NFC tag.
Let me refresh of maybe I'm
moving too fast, there we are.
Yeah, I was moving too fast.
So I'm bringing the serial number.
Okay, that's the airtime.
That's the other thing I have.
So, that's the first
thing that you can do.
Those tags those serial
numbers are unique.
So, worldwide, right?
So, the idea is that,
what do you wanna do with that?
Well, at least you know
where the user is tapping.
So, if you have a database
of serial numbers,
you know where the user is tapping, and
then you can start something in your app.
You can unlock a feature.
It's a treasure hunt.
So then you go and
you know where the user is.
So apart from breeding, just the serial
number that's the first step.
You can read other data
that title might contain.
But for that you need to understand
the tire in the case of Apple,
you won't be able to read anything from
Android or from an external device.
The only thing you can read the serial
number but with that, that's enough.
Because you know the tag,
okay, makes sense.
So, by the way,
you can also read the phone number and
information from that the owner
can register from Android.
But in terms of what I can do with
an air tag from WebNFC typically it's
just the serial number to use
as a way to detect where we are.
There are cheaper things like
this is cheaper than an air tag.
And basically that's all.
The idea is tap to pay,
tap to activate things.
It can be in a museum and tap near places
where it will give you more information or
it can start an audio transcript of
what's going on, okay, makes sense?
An audio tour.
So the API is not complicated,
we can see it here.
So we create a new MDAF reader,
we start on a scan, and
then we have two event listeners,
reading error.
For example, when I was passing
the air tag too fast, it was actually
executing the error reading error and
then you have reading and
you will get a message and
then say we see that the serial number.
And after that you can also start
a read operation over services or
you can start the write operation in case
the hardware allows you to write data.
That's all for webinar NFC.
Today it's working on Android mainly
because you don't have an NFT reader
around your computer and you won't use
your computer to touch, I don't know,
on the metro, something like that.
But it works on the phone.
Have in mind that,
if you wanna write data,
you need to understand what
you're writing and how.
For example, it can be a hotel key,
like the hotel room key.
If it's too old system,
maybe it's easy to hack.
You can read the tag and
write the same tag on another thing, but
the most modern system,
they have security in place.
So there are some encryption going on.
So it's not gonna work, so simple.
Sometimes there is an encryption
over the serial number so
when you try to just clone
the information to another device
does work because it's failing
in the valuation process, okay.
But if you know NFC and if you are on that
field You can do that from the web now.